Pumpkin Carving 101
Published on October 31, 2006.
Today is Halloween.
UNM had a special pumpkin carving contest going on in the SUB.
Since I had 2 hours to kill, me and Wei (some guy from my CS class) went to carve a pumpkin.
Wei picked a way too big pumpkin and we started.
But there was a lack of tools.
Apparently the blades kept on breaking off of the handles for the carving tools.
I went into MacGyver mode and made a custom shiv out of one of the blades and a napkin.
It worked okay, but it also made my hands really tired.
Anyway, it took like, 20 minutes to get the top off of the damn thing.
Then it took a few more minutes to scrape all of the crap from the inside out.
Once we finished doing that, they announced that all participants had 5 minutes to finish their pumpkins…
We ended up just trying to finish, but we both had class to go to.
I took the pumpkin home and finished it there.
Here’s the result!
It’s really badly proportioned, since the pumpkin is huge and the face is tiny.
I do like, however, having a pattern of an actual jack-o-lantern on a jack-o-lantern.
It’s kind of meta, don’t you think?
Next time I’ll do a jack-o-lantern of a jack-o-lantern with a jack-o-lantern inside of that one!
And so on.